README.md, before:

# dsp-adaptive-blind
Educational notebooks for adaptive and blind signal processing, including classical and data-driven methods.

## Adaptive Notebooks

### LMS
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/ASP/DSP_ASP_01_LMS.ipynb)

## BSS Notebooks
## Structure

- JADE / FastICA : ICA (Higher-order statistics)
- SOBI : Second-order statistical BSS

### JADE
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/BSS/DSP_BSS_01_JADE.ipynb)

### FastICA
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/BSS/DSP_BSS_02_FastICA.ipynb)

### SOBI
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/BSS/DSP_BSS_03_SOBI.ipynb)

Commit message:

Update README with Colab instructions and repository link
Added instructions to run notebooks in Google Colab and included repository link.

README.md, after:

# dsp-adaptive-blind
Educational notebooks for adaptive and blind signal processing, including classical and data-driven methods.
Run notebooks directly in Google Colab via the badges below.
Repository: https://github.com/ogawa-tdtu/dsp-adaptive-blind

## Adaptive Notebooks

### LMS
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/ASP/DSP_ASP_01_LMS.ipynb)

## BSS Notebooks
## Structure

- JADE / FastICA : ICA (Higher-order statistics)
- SOBI : Second-order statistical BSS

### JADE
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/BSS/DSP_BSS_01_JADE.ipynb)

### FastICA
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/BSS/DSP_BSS_02_FastICA.ipynb)

### SOBI
[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/ogawa-tdu/dsp-adaptive-blind/blob/main/notebooks/BSS/DSP_BSS_03_SOBI.ipynb)
